% Level Up – First Check-in
% Abood Al-Ani (218938993) <aboodyaa@my.yorku.ca>  
  Nikhil Arora (220874947) <narora46@my.yorku.ca>  
  Adrien Hopkins (217267550) <ahopk127@my.yorku.ca>  
  Hamad Iqbal (217296393) <hamadi8@my.yorku.ca>  
  Bilal Jameel (216567380) <bilaljameel665@gmail.com>/<bilal665@my.yorku.ca>  
  Tan Khoa Tran (218060541) <rickt02@my.yorku.ca>
% 2025 February 24

Our project's GitHub repository can be found at the following URL:  
[https://github.com/AboodyAlAniOfficial/LevelUp/](https://github.com/AboodyAlAniOfficial/LevelUp/)

This documentation is also stored on the GitHub as Markdown, so its version history can be found there.

# Project Progress

So far, we have designed the schemas for our databases and setup Django, Vue and our other systems.  We have progressed on the frontend, backend and API.  Specifically, we have created initial code for the follower service and interface, as well as the aformentioned schemas.

# Team Member Contributions

*In this section, explain what each team member has done.  We only have 1-2 pages, so please be concise – I recommend at most one paragraph each.*

## Abood Al-Ani

### Database Schema
Designed the 4314Schema.md file, which houses the logic behind the entities and relationships we will use to categorize and store data.
It is ***tentative***, and will very likely be ***changed*** in some way along the development of the project. It currently has the logic behind the meals, health goals, leaderboard, excercises and followers.

## Nikhil Arora

## Adrien Hopkins
So far, I have created the database schema for the accounts system, which stores all data that is part of a user’s account.  This includes users’ username, password, health data and preferences.  
I have also created the process we use to write documentation, allowing us to create it in the same way we create our code.  This includes this check-in document.  I also wrote some very basic documentation for LevelUp.

## Hamad Iqbal
Implemented the model for Health Goals following the database schema for HealthGoals. This has an goal_id, user_id, target_weight, daily_calories and daily_steps

## Bilal Jameel
### FollowerService
Implemented the followerModel.py, which creates the follower-followee relationship to be inserted into the Followers table within the database.\
Implemented the followlogic.py which handles the inputs from the Frontend, and processes it by checking if the username exists and if the relationship is allowed. Then the follow relationship is created.\
Implemented the queryFunctions.py which will be used to handle querying information from the database (followlogic.py also does querying within it for now but later on, I will move it into the queryFunctions.py file).

## Tan Khoa Tran
### Interface
Implemented the Django portion of the website to store, access, and manages user accounts.\
Implemented the Vue libraries responsible for the front end's interaction with the app's backend. Communication between Django and Vue is yet to be implemented.\
Created some basic links between subpages of the website. Currently only the home page and the about has a working template. These two pages maybe merged into a single page later depending on further development decisions.
