% Level Up Check in 2
% Abood Al-Ani (218938993) <aboodyaa@my.yorku.ca>  
  Nikhil Arora (220874947) <narora46@my.yorku.ca>  
  Adrien Hopkins (217267550) <ahopk127@my.yorku.ca>  
  Hamad Iqbal (217296393) <hamadi8@my.yorku.ca>  
  Bilal Jameel (216567380) <bilaljameel665@gmail.com>/<bilal665@my.yorku.ca>  
  Tan Khoa Tran (218060541) <rickt02@my.yorku.ca>
% March 9th

Our project's GitHub repository can be found at the following URL:  
[https://github.com/AboodyAlAniOfficial/LevelUp/](https://github.com/AboodyAlAniOfficial/LevelUp/)

This documentation is also stored on the GitHub as Markdown, so its version history can be found there.

# Project Progress

With the project so far, we now have more of the major components of the system in place. The authentication and account management features have been fully implemented, ensuring user access. The meal creation system has been successfully developed, with a frontend allowing users to log meals and track nutritional intake and the ability to store meal data, retrieve food items, and track nutrients. Currently, work is focused on refining API integrations and finalizing the implementation of the daily health tracking system and other features as outlined

# Team Member Contributions

## Abood Al-Ani
Fully populated the starter database and added simple instructions on how one can populate it on their own device if they wish.\
Started writing CRUD operations on the database so we can change its state.\
Slightly tweaked the original schema to normalize it, as the version used in the last check-in had some logical errors during INSERT queries.\
Started working on psycopg2, which helps us execute queries from Python code.

## Nikhil Arora
Created the meal creation system frontend using Vue.js. Built a form for users to log meals with calorie and macronutrient details. Set up a Django REST API to store and retrieve meal data. Integrated PostgreSQL to manage meal records. Currently working on API refinements to improve data handling and ensure smooth frontend-backend communication.

## Adrien Hopkins
Created the complete login system, both frontend and backend.  It is now possible to create and authenticate accounts in our Django system, and this state will be shown on the Vue UI.\
Created the backend and frontend of the units system, allowing for users' unit preferences to be set and retrieved.

## Hamad Iqbal
Created methods for calculating calories based on the meals eaten so far in the day ranging from (breakfast, lunch and dinner), get methods for steps and weight goals
and added a post method to update the users new target weight.

## Bilal Jameel
Added the global leaderboard logic to rank top 50 users in the database with the highest exercise times.

## Tan Khoa Tran
Completed the webpage's navigation bar functionalities.\
Added descriptions to the main and about page. Also created template for each subpages with stub calls to backend logics.\
Currently working on the remaining webpages and frontend search logics.
