% Level Up – Third Check-In
% Abood Al-Ani (218938993) <aboodyaa@my.yorku.ca>  
  Nikhil Arora (220874947) <narora46@my.yorku.ca>  
  Adrien Hopkins (217267550) <ahopk127@my.yorku.ca>  
  Hamad Iqbal (217296393) <hamadi8@my.yorku.ca>  
  Bilal Jameel (216567380) <bilaljameel665@gmail.com>/<bilal665@my.yorku.ca>  
  Tan Khoa Tran (218060541) <rickt02@my.yorku.ca>
% 2025 March 21

Our project's GitHub repository can be found at the following URL:  
[https://github.com/AboodyAlAniOfficial/LevelUp/](https://github.com/AboodyAlAniOfficial/LevelUp/)

This documentation is also stored on the GitHub as Markdown, so its version history can be found there.

# Project Progress

*In this section, explain the progress we’ve made in our project so far.*

# Team Member Contributions

*In this section, explain what each team member has done.  We only have 1-2 pages, so please be concise – I recommend at most one paragraph each.*

## Abood Al-Ani
Further enhanced the schema so to normalize it, as there were issues during insertions operations whilst using the previous version of the schema.
Additionally, I started work on having our program execute Postgres queries directly to alter the state of the database, then scrapped that idea.
Instead, I started working on the ORM for all of the tables in order to change the state directly via regular code, making it more developer friendly.
Each table currently has a tentative ORM that is subject to change.

## Nikhil Arora
I maintained and enhanced the frontend theme of the system by updating button styles and color schemes, resulting in a smoother and more cohesive user interface. I also improved the account login system to make it dynamic, ensuring user credentials are properly posted and handled upon login. Additionally, I made changes to the meal form, enabling it to correctly add meals to our database and allowing users to retrieve and input information seamlessly. I'm currently working on the backend to ensure this data is stored correctly in the database. Finally, I am working on implementing the Pie chart system as well to graphically show nutrients entered as well.

## Adrien Hopkins

I have done the following:

- Completed the units system (add mass & energy units, and custom code for feet and inches)
- Added privacy setting to profiles
- Added API for setting health data & calculating BMR
- Added links to the buttons on the homepage

## Hamad Iqbal
Faced some issues with frontend and backend connectivity, leading to minimal progress. I have now sucessefuly connected the frontend and backend and was only able to update some of the routing. The routing for the set and get stepgoals and the set and get weight alongside getting the calorie goal now work.

## Bilal Jameel
Encountered issues with moving my work onto a new system, and as a result, no progress has been made. I plan to finish the Follower Search and Global Leaderboard implementation before implementing the Follower Leaderboard, which uses logic similar to that of the Global Leaderboard.

## Tan Khoa Tran
Added the layout for the leaderboard and stub backend calls to fetch usernames and their score. 
Adjusted the dropdown menu of the navigation bar to correctly display its items.
